These are...
But how did they get here?
It doesn't make sense.
That's...
impossible.
Isn't it?
How did he get in here?
Mr. Song, this means they had to shut the broadcast down for something, right?
Hmm.
But why?
What's happening over there?
It's no good.
Too much confusion at the scene.
There must be a way to confirm their status.
Gather all the intel we can.
Yes, sir.
Director!
So many viewers are calling in at once.
It's crashing the phone system.
They're demanding we resume the broadcast.
And we would if we could!
But in case you haven't noticed,
we lost contact, so there's nothing to show!
Besides,
what do we do if all the S-Ranks are already dead?
Hey, what's going on?
We need an update right now!
Are you...
Damn it!
My camera quit working.
Of all the times.
Iron.
Go.
I'm not following any of this.
Who are these shadows?
And how did Hunter's son even get to the island?
Oh, there you are.
And just in time.
But how the hell did you...
I can explain it later.
Let's take care of your wounds in the meantime.
Here, this should help.
Right.
The system won't let me hand these off.
You summoned that?
Your magic sure is handy.
Hunter Ma.
I need you to open your mouth.
That's unreal.
I'm healed.
Completely.
She's still in bad shape.
Why isn't it working?
Damn, it's just like before.
These can't work when your health is too low.
And her aura is getting weaker.
Her wounds are too severe for potions to heal.
We have to leave now.
I can clear a path for us.
All right.
Hold on.
They certainly swarm like the bugs they are.
How are we going to take down so many of them?
Chairman, go.
Any news on the strike team?
No, not yet.
Something's jamming all comms from the island,
but hopefully it's only temporary.
We can't get through to Japanese command either.
Not sure what...
Why?
Touched base with the civilian media, though,
and the last thing they saw was the Black Ant.
It's imperative we get that signal back.
And I want those medic and retrieval teams ready to move out.
Yes, sir.
You know, Jincho,
this has to be the most I've ever resented this aging body of mine.
Even if I'd be of no help to them,
I wish I could join the fight.
I'm not sure I'll be able to do that alone.
Chairman, go.
Instead, all I can do is pray.
Stupid technology!
First the feed cuts,
then the whole dang TV decides this is the perfect time to break.
We're jinxed.
Well, beating it up won't fix it, honey.
Whatever.
I'll watch it in my room.
Bet my phone will have updates.
Maybe.
That girl is so restless.
I want answers, so explain.
Goto-san's vital signs went silent, sir.
Right before the signal was cut,
he was confronted by a powerful enemy,
and likely killed.
And the others?
We haven't verified.
Well, figure it out.
Any further losses will cost us in the next phase.
On it.
Is someone under her control?
Just watch and see.
Goto got himself killed!
Useless moron.
What in the hell is happening on that island?
Sir mientras subs
Elites like Igris and Iron
are holding their own,
that I didn't have an audience.
New plan.
We're not making any progress.
Time to try a more aggressive strategy.
See that mage?
You all hang back and stay behind him.
My other shadows will deal with the ant problem.
If any of them do get past my soldiers,
make them regret it.
Easy enough.
We can handle a plan like that.
For sure.
One last thing.
Please keep what you're about to see to yourselves.
Is he...
It came back already?
I thought it went after Gotoh.
Does that mean he lost?
There was no king outside.
Is he in here?
The one you call?
King.
I can't sense the shadow I sent with Gotoh.
Now I know why.
Wait!
.
Here it goes.
Is it you?
Are you the king of humans?
Cute.
They got bugs that get me.
Can you even talk now?
Human.
Quite the remarkable aura.
Okay, but you're still just a bug.
This might be too much even for him.
I guess we're about to see.
Director, the feed is up again!
Isn't he the...
It doesn't matter. Let's just air it.
Sir! You realize we'll be broadcasting without any delay.
If something happens live, we've no way to stop it getting out.
We've already cut the broadcast once. Can't get any worse than that. Do it!
Yes, right!
Our future, the battle, everything!
Is riding on this man.
I can't believe it.
Me neither.
He's really there.
No... way...
Jinu?!
He said he was just stepping out! What the heck?!
He better break this habit!
He made it there! Thank you, Hunter-san!
It's him, all right. But how do you reach them?
Point is, he did it. I don't care how. Let's put our faith in him.
Why would a mage-type get that close to it?!
He underestimated that ant's power. And got clobbered for it.
Wreak... You are no king.
Um... hey... guys?
Are you sure that Hunter-san is a mage?
I'm not sure about anything when it comes to him.
And I definitely didn't expect this.
He's pretty durable. The exoskeleton, maybe.
The Exoskeleton
долю
How?
I do not understand.
How could a human be so strong?
Poison.
A mixture of toxins from the marine life here.
Its potency amplified by my magic power.
You will lose all ability to move before long.
This is the end for you.
Die, you!
Seven KIA in a ten-man team?
Is that a joke?
No, it's the fact.
We were able to contact the three survivors, and they confirmed it.
We lost over half our hunters?
This mission is a catastrophe!
Oh, and we've also detected a strong reading near the island's caldera.
We think it's whatever beat Goto-san, sir.
How is it alive after fighting him?
And it's headed into the nest?
Why?
No idea.
It could have some objective.
Or maybe it needs a safe place to heal.
We don't know if the Korean team is alive.
But if they are hanging on by a thread, Goto's killer will cut it.
They'll fall easily in their state, and the ants will be worn out from fighting, too.
If we can strike down the storm...
...the others will just be fodder.
Victory is not lost!
Hurry up and recover the three surviving S-Ranks!
Once they've joined the second strike team at sea, send them back to the island!
Those are your orders. A chopper will be there soon.
Roger that.
He wants to move ahead with Plan 9. Let's go.
It's hopeless.
That thing is a monster.
If we don't run, then we're history.
Get a grip! No time for panic attacks!
Everyone who faced that ant is dead!
All S-Ranks! And you want to volunteer to be next?!
You're pathetic.
We don't have any choice.
Deal with it.
We're not going to lose.
We're going to get you.
Wait, I thought he was just poisoned.
He seems okay, but is he really?
At this point, nothing Hunter Sung does will surprise me.
So, you had a secret weapon.
I was wondering why you were holding back earlier.
Maybe it's because of the S-Rank. Maybe it's because of the S-Rank.
Maybe it's because of the S-Rank.
Or, he's mutual.
This is a extremely
difficult task, and somehow the
opec is a bit different.
Or, he's just HOLLYWOOD I guess.
Are you looking for an aggressive attack on me?
A very personal attack, but it's a very special one.
He's notelf enough to have the advantage of being more of aunchone sitter.
In that case...
Come at me
Speed that is equal to mine.
And growing even faster.
How is this possible?
Ehem...